good morning family um I'm going to do a
video right now that's a little
different than what I I I usually do
um I've I've everybody's been telling me
about this uh earthquake and all the
stuff that's going on in Italy you know
back on July 5th I did a video about a a
major volcano going off and the Lord
warned me about this volcano back on
July 5th and told me this would be very
destructive and there would be a lot of
damage and a lot of things a lot of
people would P pass away on this I saw
two or 300,000 people it's like massive
and so he showed me to focus on the
ocean in this gulf right here I saw it's
out here somewhere there's a massive
volcano and so I I I believed it was
right in here is where I believe this uh
this volcano was at you know because
pompe is right here there's a massive
volcano up here and it and so I you know
when if I was looking over in the spirit
and it was showing me I thought it was
in this right here but I believe it's
probably further out for cuz I started
looking at where are the massive
volcanoes in the water over in Italy and
so if you zoom out I'll show you there's
a there's a massive volcano one of the
largest is down here it's way down here
and so whenever I saw uh this massive
volcano going off out of the water uh it
caused a massive tsunami wave and it it
exploded and it from the earthquake in
this massive volcano it's like it was
like a humongous nuclear bomb went off
like boom and it went up out of the
water and it caused a massive wave and
it washed all Inland can you go back out
can you make the the map where I can
show the people go down okay so the
water rushed all over this area it went
all over this area and so it would been
it would cause a lot of Devastation for
how however one of these volcano out
here whatever this is the Lord is
showing me it was it came up out of the
water and and it caused all the air
traffic around that area was completely
shut down the Lord showed me that it
would it cost hundreds of thousands of
deaths when this happened and he said
one of the major signs to watch out for
was uh earthquakes and trimmers and he
said back in July I don't believe there
was any trimmers there wasn't any
earthquakes and then all of a sudden
here we can we see the AR here that says
that there was a a a 40 years the
biggest earthquake in 40 years happened
in that area that I'm talking about and
it happened this week it was a
4.2 and so going on and reading even
more there's been hundreds of little
bitty earthquakes that they've they've
picked up around that area that I'm
talking about and
so it's going with what the Lord showed
me would happen back in July to start
praying and it would be a serious event
that would take place out in the water
and he kept telling me to pray over the
water pray over the water pray is a
volcano in the ocean if you start to see
some kind of smoke coming up out of the
water or something I don't know I mean
that's probably hundreds of miles out
off the off the coast there um who knows
if you see it on the news or whatever if
you start seeing hearing stuff about the
ocean if you start doing this you know
this is a very if you live next to that
ocean if you I mean on on the on the
waterfront there it's something to be uh
paying attention to this is a this
should be a high alert for you all if
you're already having these earthquakes
and the Lord warned me about this like I
said clear back in July that this major
event would happen so I don't know if
this is what we're looking for if this
is the the volcano is about to happen
like imminently you know but just saying
it was very very uh strong in my spirit
in July and I've been interceding for
this and the Lord was warning me about
this so here we are
um with this on here now I'm going to go
to the next thing the Lord had me like I
told you all I was interceding for uh uh
the elections for 2024 and the Lord had
me and he and I and I saw uh Michelle
Obama and I saw Gavin and nothing was in
the news back whenever this was going on
this was this time last year I started
praying over this Lord showed me this
okay and so here it is we're getting
closer to the fall I really believe
we're fixing to see some kind of major
shakeup and the Democratic Party in the
near future and so here we are we have
Sarah Palin already saying um that she
believes Sarah Palin says that Michelle
Obama will be the democra Democratic
nominee in 2024 where is she getting
that who knows but I'm just saying she
she should she's probably somebody
that's in the know that would start to
hear stuff before before everybody else
would hear it because she she's in the
In Crowd and so here she is saying it
and then we have Ted Cruz this is all in
the the same week mind you Ted Cruz says
something here and Ted Cruz says that he
believes that Michelle Obama could be
the 2024 uh candidate too so what we
what I saw in the Supernatural and the
Lord warning me of things is starting to
happen by people in political positions
in the no are starting to start to Echo
it so it's starting to happen in the
natural I saw another article uh on 60
Minutes with Gavin
uh not denying that he wanted to maybe
run for president but um it was not
ruling out the possibility of it now in
the vision that the Lord showed me he
was the vice president and Michelle
Obama was the president and um uh Joe
Biden was uh uh not able to uh keep
going because of his uh mental problems
he was having uh he was being slow and
there was stuff going on with him I
believe it's uh de Dementia or something
and so the Lord was having was warning
me about this I saw him being pulled out
not even finished CA Harris would start
running things and I saw a woman her
face was was uh shaded out it was like
it was blurry in the vision and I could
not see it but I could see her hair and
it was a blonde woman and her hair was a
shorter um haircut and um I believe the
way the way the hero looked it was
either Elizabeth Warren or it could be
um Hillary Clinton now this just my
assumptions I don't know I know she was
a white woman and I could see her in
this in this Vision when I was praying
now whether or not this Vision comes to
pass I don't know but it's something
that I've been praying over for over a
year now interceding uh uh asking the
Lord what are you showing me because we
prophesy in part we hear in part we see
in part and and you know when you have a
dep perception you're looking over and
the Lord's warning you of things this is
what I'm trying to tell you all so we're
seeing this stuff come up in the news
now of what the Lord is warned me about
we're seeing the the earthquakes we're
seeing the the the political uh stuff go
on and then the Lord warned me about the
prince of Saudi Arabia and the price of
oil remember what I told you all about
that going over $200 a barrel of oil and
and and him making a secret agreement
with uh Russia and with China and
joining the bricks Nations well we saw
that happen on August the 24th he's
they're joining the brics Nations they
want to join up with them on January 1st
and um all those major places the Lord
showed me the six different uh countries
Venezuela and Egypt and all those places
the Lord was warning me about the UAE
and even he even warned me about Iraq I
I didn't see Iraq join this time but
maybe in the future Iraq will but here
we are JP Morgan here he is saying $150
a barrel of oil and so they're they're
all they're saying the energy stocks are
going to go way up so if they're
forecasting 150 and that's just in the
beginning stages we're not even close to
to to um to uh $100 a barrel I believe I
don't know what the barrel of oil crude
is right now I think it might be 100
bucks I don't know but here we are so
close to that vision and what the Lord
warned me about gas prices going over
$78 a gallon and and and and so I saw uh
in California they're already charging
that so I don't know I believe this is a
nationwide average is coming it' be six
seven eight bucks a gallon of of gas and
so here we are already seeing $150
projected so we're $50 away from even
what the Lord showed me in the spirit
that would happen so I'm just trying to
warn you all we are in the end times
Jesus Christ is coming back you know the
Bible says perilous times will come in
the end and you know what we are in the
last of the last days I believe with all
my heart when we start seeing
earthquakes we start seeing volcanoes go
off when we start seeing political uh
upheaval and and turmoil in the politics
we're seeing all these birthing pains
you know just like what I tried to tell
you all I believe it was the video past
I did just a couple days ago um the Lord
was showing me from roash to roash he
told me he said Brandon this is going to
be an acceleration of birthing pains
you'll see an acceleration in in the uh
weather you're going to see acceleration
in in in the uh political area and
you're going to see acceleration in war
you're going to start to see great uh
things start happening in this warfront
and you're going to see I remember I try
to tell you all what the Lord warned me
about about a major draft coming for the
United States of America I've been
praying against this because the Lord
showed me men and women uh being drafted
and going into uh the Ukraine and being
this this war escalating with Russia I
saw Russia going after Poland and
bombing Poland with this some kind of
super bomb it wasn't nuclear but it was
something huge and the Lord warned me
about this to pray over that and for the
people it was I believe it was around
Warsaw area and um bellarus area and so
I'm just telling you all there there's
an there I saw Joe Biden and he was he
was telling everybody that we wanted to
lend them $2 billion dollar to help out
with their military and that was with
Poland so there's a stuff that I saw
over over a year ago like I said
starting to manifest in the news and and
so I really believe we're going to start
seeing things accelerate and accelerate
accelerate and so people were wan to
know about the new midd fault the Lord
warned me that if we divide if we join
up with this and we divide Jerusalem
that he would div the which would cause
a curse on America he said those that
bless Israel I will bless and those that
curse Israel I will curse and if you
come against Israel it's like we're
betraying her because we've been in
we've been in Covenant with her and
helping her out all these years look at
what happens I believe with all my heart
three days after they uh divide the land
of Israel we will see one of the
greatest earthquakes we've ever had in
America dur on the new midd Vault going
up America I've seen it and I've told
you all that there's another video down
there I showed you about the the tumble
weeds and the stock I saw the shelves
being empty on the grocery store I saw
uh uh 1,800 people from Texar to Tulsa
all with a cinder block house there was
over a 6.0 uh earthquake go from there
because it causes a a train train
reaction over the the area it's just not
about that earthquake it it sets off
other fault lines all throughout America
when that major earthquake because it
was like a 10.0 a massive massive
earthquake hits and so it it destroys
all the bridges and I warned you all
about that so here we are the prince of
Saudi Arabia he comes on the news he's
saying he wants to have a two-state
solution help it to so they can build
the Third Temple they have a peace
agreement all the stuff they want to do
and when do they want to have it done
I've already talked about this before
they want to have that done before the
big uh solar eclipse that goes across
America we are so close to major events
Domino affecting and and so I warned you
all about the dollar crash I warned you
to watch Europe here we are he told me
to watch the Euro it's a very
significant Domino that the Euro would
be in trouble I saw a a thing some sent
me something on Tik Tok on my YouTube
channel I mean not on YouTube it was my
Facebook and they told me he said on I
want you to watch this video and they
were talking about how the Euro was in
trouble and the Europe uh dollar uh the
Euro was in trouble and the European uh
currency so that's happening it's like
it's all it's all being accelerated just
like the Lord told me here we are we are
so close to to to a major event
happening I'm telling you we should I i'
I've warned you all how the Lord will
have me when I'm
praying about uh the pulses in the
spirit and I've feel very strong about
the month of October we have a major uh
uh event coming with this uh October the
4th with this uh thema thing that's
alert on our phones and the people are
freaking out about that and then we have
Russia now saying they're going to do
some kind of event on the third so we
have the third Russia is going to do
something for nuclear stuff and then we
have the fourth we have the American
people talking about something so the
whole world is is stirring and doing
stuff right now so I'm just saying it's
it's a time to be prayed up it's a time
to get in the word even more it's a time
to if you hear the spirit of God telling
you to do something obey him if he tells
you to relocate and get out of your town
where you're at relocate follow the
voice of the Lord it should be your your
your your hearts cry every day father
what do you have for my family today
Father lead and guide me show me what I
need to do for my family I need you I'm
desperate for more of you I'm desperate
to hear your voice I'm desperate for for
for a relationship with you you need to
be sitting at the feet of Jesus daily
not just on Sunday people were Cur
confused about what I was saying about
don't just seek him on Sunday what's
wrong with Sunday well I I might have
messed up my wordage my verbage what I'm
trying to tell you is is you just you
need to seek him every day not just on
Sunday every day you need to have a
relationship with Jesus don't just do it
on a 30 minute service on Sunday
mornings you need to go and have a
relationship Monday through Friday
Saturday Sunday all the time sitting at
the feet of Jesus having a relationship
with him because in in him he'll have
all the things laid out for you in him
there's peace in him there's joy in him
there's
longsuffering he will Pro there's
provision when you're seeking the face
of God when you're seeking his hand hand
and I mean seeking his face and not his
hand always looking for just the
provision like a child going God what do
you have in your hand for me today I
need this no father ABA ABA father I
want you today I want to spend
relationship with you it's it's growing
up spiritually is what I'm trying to
tell you all it's it's coming up higher
spiritually it's time to come up in
another level in our walk with Jesus
Christ instead of just coming to him
with our needs and going God I need
healing in this I need healing in that
not not the that's that's wrong but it
should be more than that it's being
intimate with him if all I did was come
to my wife every single time and said
well honey I need you to do the laundry
cook dinner do all this and don't want
to have any other relationship with you
and that's all you ever did with that
relationship and it was always just a
need-based I need this this this this
and this and it's all it is well see you
later bye I got to go how much of a
relationship would you have with that
spouse it wouldn't be a very good
relationship if that's all they have if
she came if your if your wife came to
you you if you're the man of the house
and said well honey I have all this
honeydew list for you to do you're going
to take out the trash walk the dog pick
up the poo in the yard whatever it is
from the dog and mow the grass pull the
weeds whatever they have to do for you
and they're always barking those orders
and they don't want to have a
relationship with you what would you do
it would it would be a very bad
relationship so that's why having a
relationship is more than more than just
always coming to God and having a need
it's having fellowship with him
worshiping Him Father you're so good
you're so awesome you're worthy of all
my praise that's the kind of
relationship that I'm talking about
sitting at his feet and worshiping him
it says the Bible
says that if we don't praise him the
rocks will cry out I'm not going to let
a rock do my job I'm going to praise my
father because he's worthy of Praise
he's worthy than than just going to him
with a need he's worthy than just always
coming to him and telling him I have
this this this and all these problems
father help me help me help me go byebye
see you later God
sitting at his feet daily and just
worshiping him singing him songs
practice his presence father let's go
what is on your heart today what's on
your heart for me today if you start
doing that daily and asking him what's
on his heart every single day he's going
to start pouring himself into you and
saying hey I I've missed you how was
your day today just it's a it's a it's a
conversation just like you have with
your spouse hey babe how how was your
day today oh she tells you and and you
talk well how's the kids H you just you
go on about your business you talk about
things you know you sit down you have
fellowship and you're eating and you're
just talk cuz why because you love that
person you love them you developed a
relationship with you love them you love
your wife you love your spouse and and
that's the kind of relationship you have
with the Lord you love them you just
want to have you just want to see how
how's your heart how what's going on
with you God how how's things going
that's the kind of I want a God that I
can talk to and have a relationship with
I'm real with God when you get real with
God God to get real with you you I try
to say all this try to tell you all this
all the time I don't get religious with
God I don't sit there and go oh oh how
thou doing Lord how are you doing it you
know and be all Rel all religious and
weird we you just get real God hey God
how you doing today you know God I love
you I just want to tell you how's your
day you know that kind of stuff you know
how did you let's watch the football
game together people go who W would God
want to watch a football game do you
know how much he loves basketball he
loves NBA basketball he watches it with
me what I talk about the games all the
time it's being personable with God and
get personable with God lord I you know
I talk about the weather man Lord I
Thank you that you're bringing in some
cold air father I it's been hot down
here in in the South I thank you Lord
that you that you're going to bring some
cold air in boy what's your favorite
season
Lord he likes them all he created them
all but my point is is that it's just
it's not trying to be so religious it's
being it's just being personable with
him that's what I'm trying to tell you
all you know I want a God I can talk to
I want a God I can have a relationship
with and be a friend to you know if
Abraham had a friendship with him come
and visited Abraham he' come visit
Brandon he can come visit whoever Bobby
or whoever on the on the other end of
this camera I believe with all my heart
God has a plan for your life God loves
you and he wants the best for you he
wants to tell you of things to come he
wants to warn you about what's coming
just like he talks to me he's no
respector a person if he'd show me
what's going on he'll show you what's
tell you what's going on too he doesn't
want you in the dark we're his
children and that's the kind of God we
serve he's not mad at us he loves us so
I want to pray for you right now and I
want to I want to lift you up in prayer
I want to give you some encouragement
that God's not not not falling off the
throne there's no fear here perfect love
casteth out all fear everything's okay
God's got us and and and with all these
things I'm talking about a perilous
time's coming God's got us and he said
he never seen the righteous forsaken nor
a seed beging bread if he take care of
the lily of the field and the birds of
the air he's going to take care of you
he loves you just as much as as as the
as the other Christians he or whoever
the guy that's you know down the road he
he's no respector person I'm trying to
tell you all God loves his children God
wants the best for his children and so I
want to pray for you father I just thank
you Lord for this this group of YouTube
people right now I thank you Father for
every need that they have is met in the
name of Jesus over their bodies over
their minds over their emotions I take
authority over the demonic spirits that
are tormenting them with fear and
depression and anxiety and worry I bind
it in the name of Jesus I command in the
name of Jesus healing flow over them I
see PTSD right now somebody from is
dealing with PTSD I take authority over
PTSD in the name of Jesus post- trumatic
stress disorder I bind you and I cast
you out I command you to go right now in
the name of Jesus I command freedom in
their thoughts I command freedom in
their minds I command healing over their
brain waves right now in the name of
Jesus healing power flow over their
minds right now in the name of Jesus
traumatic in uh accounts of that keep
coming back reoccurring and going over
their minds from war or whatever it
is I command we cast those thoughts down
we cast those down right now we will not
have that demonic Spirit tormenting us
for you said in your word in 2 Timothy
1:7 God has not given us a spirit of
fear but of power and of love and of of
a well balanced mind and I call your
mind balanced right now in the name of
Jesus I command hormones to line up in
the name of of Jesus I command that
devil to let you let you go in the name
of Jesus let him go I bind the strong
man off of your life and I command you
set free by the blood of the lamb and
the word of your testimony no more PTSD
is going to bother you in Jesus name I
call you delivered from PTSD no Suicidal
Thoughts no demonic thoughts come not
you in Jesus name we plead the blood of
Jesus over your mind father I thank you
Lord for the for our sisters and and
brothers in the Lord we thank than you
Lord that they're healed from the top of
their head to the soles of their feet
from any kind of demonic symptoms of of
diabetes heart disease lupus glockoma
whatever it may be God is healing your
body right now I call Healing over you
in Jesus name we call Deliverance over
your body in Jesus name we say you are
healed and whole and well from the top
of your head to the soles of your feet
by his stripes you are healed uh stomach
issues stomach ulcers blood uh in your
stool what whatever it may be uh
gallbladder problems we speak to liver
problems we call livers to be whole and
healed and well in the name of Jesus we
speak to your colon from diverticulitis
to Crohn's disease to lupus to all of it
we call healing and wholeness and
wellness over you in the name of Jesus
autoimmune disease I curse that in Jesus
name we call thyroids to line up with
the word of God we say Li thyroids line
up in Jesus name thyroid be healed we oh
I saw right then I call leukemia healed
and whole and well in Jesus name I call
Deliverance over leukemia I say leukemia
you are you are bound and you are cast
out in Jesus name we say father you said
in your word whatsoever things we desire
when we pray believe that we receive
them and we shall have them and if we
shout not doubt in our heart we shall
have whatsoever things we say I thank
you for Mark 11:23
ver4 Faith calls those things to be not
as though they were and I call you
healed I call you well I call you
delivered in Jesus name Faith calls that
we call that in right now in Jesus name
so father I just agree with these people
they are healed whole and well in Jesus
name and we thank you for it finances
all of it we call it in new jobs better
jobs raises and bonuses benefits sales
and commissions uh bonuses uh everything
inheritances rebates and returns checks
in the mail gifts and surprises finding
money bills paid off bills decrease
blessing increase and I thank you Lord
that you're meeting all their financial
needs that they have more than enough to
give to the kingdom of God and promote
the Gospel of Jesus Christ throughout
the world in the name of Jesus we
believe that that you are blessing the
city in the field coming in going out
there is more than enough coming over
your household a cattle on a thousand
Hill my Lord he said he had father
there's an overflow abundant Harvest
over their finances in the name of Jesus
and we're calling it in every seed that
you seow will reap back a H hundredfold
in Jesus name father I thank you Lord
that you'd give them wisdom on where to
sew their seed father I thank you Lord
they have good ground and it would be
just like Miracle go ground and it would
spring forth a mighty Harvest over their
financial seed father some 30 some 60
and 100-fold and I thank you Lord for
the 100-fold soil in Jesus
name so I just want to tell you all
thank you for joining us today it's been
a real blessing if you if you could
comment down below about these volcanoes
I'm
sweating uh uh put put a comment down
below about the volcanoes if you know
more about the the volcanoes out in that
Coast Area or whatever uh or if you're
Liv in that area and you know something
about what I'm talking about comment
down below let us know uh if we're on
the right Road here I believe we are for
some of these articles that I've been
reading and so I just pray a heads of
protection over you don't be afraid but
if the Lord tells you to get out in the
middle of the night flee fast okay so
thank you for joining us today put a
smile on your face and a song in your
heart Jesus loves you so much and we
love you and we thank you for watching
our video and we'll see you next time
bye-bye